From WIKIPEDIA:

PHP is a general-purpose scripting language geared towards web development.
It was originally created by Danish-Canadian programmer Rasmus Lerdorf in 1993 and released in 1995.
The PHP reference implementation is now produced by the PHP Group.
PHP was originally an abbreviation of Personal Home Page, but it now stands for the recursive initialism PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor.
<br><br>
PHP code is usually processed on a web server by a PHP interpreter implemented as a module, a daemon or a Common Gateway Interface (CGI) executable.
On a web server, the result of the interpreted and executed PHP code—which may be any type of data, such as generated HTML or binary image data—would
form the whole or part of an HTTP response.
Various web template systems, web content management systems, and web frameworks exist that can be employed to orchestrate or facilitate the
generation of that response.
<br><br><br>


!PHP must run on a Web Server! I highly recommend using [XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/).
<br><br>

<h2>Notes:</h2>
<ul>
<li> Some Functions, and other Methods, won't work on ALL PHP versions.</li>
<li> Every IDE supporting PHP is good! I highly recommend using PhpStorm (trial-not free).</li>
<li> Descriptions and Explanations will be written inside the files using Comments.</li>
<li> I highly recommend (for beginners/learners) going through the files in numerical order.</li>
</ul>
<br><br>

<h2>About PHP:</h2>
<ul>
<li> PHP is an acronym for "PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor".</li>
<li> PHP Scripts are executed on the server.</li>
<li> PHP Files have the ".php" extension.</li>
<li> PHP files can contain text, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP code.</li>
</ul>
<br><br>
<b>To start using PHP, you can:</b>
<ul>
<li> Find a web host with PHP and MySQL support.</li>
<li> Install a web server on your own PC, and then install PHP and MySQL.</li>
</ul>
[The official PHP website (<PHP.net>) has installation instructions for PHP](http://php.net/manual/en/install.php) 
